I must step into the sky myself
Get it all back
A waste that can't even be all second-grade
I don't know where you got the courage to put your beard in this flower
Pet Me
Night Wuji
Waste is waste
You are trash
Your family is also trash
It's such a piece of junk
I'm too embarrassed to take it out as an engagement token
Sure enough, only garbage can be produced in the garbage heap
This is my father's legacy.
Give me back the presumption
Ask for something that doesn't know how to ask a dog
Do you really think you are amazing?
I will teach you a lesson today
Let you know what is upper and lower superiority and inferiority
invincible
envy
You really look like a dog lying in a trash heap right now
Gasping dog, hahaha.
Huang Fu Ye Lin Xiyue was born today
He will pay it back a hundredfold